MERCH CLUB 
Case Study Handoff 
ACCESSbank · Corporate Relationship Banking 
Complete copy, structure, image gallery captions, 
SEO metadata, and schema markup 
ready for the case study page build. 
For: Jeannie (Designer / Developer) 
Version 1.0 · April 2026 
How to use this document: All black text is live copy — use it verbatim. All red text is a note or direction for you — do not include red text on the built case study page.
Merch Club — ACCESSbank Case Study Page 1 
READ THIS FIRST 
Page metadata + structural note. 
Page metadata 
Field 
Value
URL 
/work/accessbank-corporate-gifting
Vertical 
Corporate · Financial Services
Year(s) covered 
Ongoing partnership
Pillar link 
Corporate Multi-Location Merchandise Programs
Featured 
Yes — fourth published case study
Format 
Premium gifting + brand experience (fourth format in portfolio)



Why this case study is the corporate pillar anchor 
NOTE TO JEANNIE: This is Merch Club's fourth case study format — the 'premium gifting + brand experience' case study. The reader maps themselves onto a relationship-driven corporate brand that gives gifts to shareholders, key accounts, and employees and wants every touchpoint to reinforce who they are. Use this format for any future financial services, professional services, or relationship-driven corporate client. 
Recommended page structure 
1. Hero (headline, subhead, anchor image — Art of Toasting book or PITCH wine set) 2. Who They Are (ACCESSbank + the relationship-banking philosophy) 
3. The Shift (how we approached this differently — relationship-first) 
4. The Hero Moment: Holiday Shareholder Gifting + PITCH Partnership 
5. The Art of Toasting (the book — its own section, because it deserves one) 
6. The Branded Gifting System (buffalo leather gloves, tier strategy, the price-to-perception story) 7. The Branch Coffee Cups (custom-illustrated buildings, one per location) 
8. Employee Gifting + Brand Storytelling (Denik journals, the giveaway philosophy) 9. From the Field (visual gallery — scrolling carousel) 
10. Testimonial (if approved by client) 
11. Why This Matters (closing positioning) 
12. CTAs + Related Content
Merch Club — ACCESSbank Case Study Page 2 
HERO 
Hero headline + subhead. 
NOTE TO JEANNIE: Hero anchor image — strongest option is a styled product shot of the Art of Toasting book with the PITCH wine bottles and singing wine pourer alongside. Secondary option is the buffalo leather gloves shot with a handwritten note. Whatever leads has to feel like a luxury gift, not a giveaway. Premium soft lighting, deep shadows, no clutter. 
Headline 
Banking is built on relationships. So is the gift. 
Subhead 
How ACCESSbank turned holiday gifting, shareholder programs, and employee recognition into the most memorable brand experiences in their market — including a book we wrote and illustrated ourselves because the book didn't exist yet. 
Hero intro (60 words) 
ACCESSbank doesn't bank like a bank. They bank like a partner. So when they came to us for gifting, the work couldn't feel like gifting either. It had to feel like the relationship. What followed was a multi-program build — shareholder gifting, executive accounts, employee recognition, awards — and a book we authored from scratch because the right one didn't exist.
Merch Club — ACCESSbank Case Study Page 3 
SECTION 1 
Who They Are 
Meet ACCESSbank. 
ACCESSbank is a relationship-driven community bank built around an idea that most of the financial industry has forgotten: that small business doesn't need a transaction, it needs a partner. Their growth has been earned the slow way — by understanding the businesses they serve, locking onto their clients' success, and showing up for the community around them. 
NOTE TO JEANNIE: Section visual — ACCESSbank logo + a clean environmental shot (bank exterior or interior). Keep it understated, professional, premium.
Merch Club — ACCESSbank Case Study Page 4 
SECTION 2 
The Shift 
Relationship-first banks need relationship-first gifts. 
Most corporate gifting follows a formula. Pick from a catalog. Add a logo. Ship it. Done. The recipient gets a tumbler with someone's brand on it. The brand gets a brief moment of acknowledgement. Everyone moves on. 
That's not what relationship banking looks like. So that's not what the gifts could feel like. 
We approached every program for ACCESSbank with one filter: does this create a memory, or does this create another piece of swag? If the answer was "memory," it stayed. If the answer was "swag," it was rebuilt until it became a memory. 
Banking is all about working toward the celebrations, commemorations, and milestones that bring people together to experience great things. The gifts had to deliver the same thing.
Merch Club — ACCESSbank Case Study Page 5 
SECTION 3 
The Hero Moment: Holiday Shareholder Gifting 
A community-bank holiday gift, built in partnership with a community brand. For shareholders and key growth accounts, ACCESSbank wanted a holiday program that felt like a community-first bank — not a corporate one. So we built the program in partnership with PITCH, a Pittsburgh-style pizzeria with a deep wine program right in ACCESSbank's market. 
Because relationship banking is local. So the gift had to be local too. 
The kit: 
• Custom-presented PITCH Black and PITCH White wines 
• Custom wine carrier — designed to elevate the unboxing 
• Wooden singing wine pourer — the kind of detail that turns a pour into a moment • A custom-authored book on the art of toasting (full section on this next) 
Every kit was hand-delivered in partnership with PITCH. Not shipped. Hand-delivered. Because two trusted community brands showing up together at the door is worth more than any tracking number. 
When two trusted local brands arrive at the door together, the gift stops being a gift — it becomes a relationship moment. 
That's the difference between a shipping decision and a brand decision. Shipping is a checkbox. Hand-delivery from two aligned brands is the kind of memory the recipient tells their team about the next morning.
Merch Club — ACCESSbank Case Study Page 6 
SECTION 4 
The Art of Toasting 
The book that didn't exist. So we wrote it. 
When we built the holiday kit, we knew we wanted a book on the art of toasting included. Something that would sit on a coffee table for years. Something that could be shared. Something that would carry the ACCESSbank story forward long after the wine was gone. 
The book didn't exist. Not the one we wanted. So we wrote it ourselves. 
A 52-page hardcover book on the history, craft, and modern reinvention of the toast — fully authored, illustrated, designed, and produced by Merch Club. Drawn for the young and old. Practical and beautiful. The kind of book that gets pulled off the shelf at family dinners and group toasts for years to come. 
NOTE TO JEANNIE: Visual placement — The Art of Toasting book cover hero shot, plus 2-3 interior spread images showing the illustrations and writing. This is one of the most singular brand assets in your portfolio. Treat it like an artifact, not a giveaway. Premium photography. Hardcover detail. Page texture. 
Most agencies sell their clients products. We wrote our client a book.
Merch Club — ACCESSbank Case Study Page 7 
SECTION 5 
The Branded Gifting System 
Four tiers. Every audience. Every dollar working harder. 
Corporate gifting isn't one program — it's a system. Shareholders, key accounts, executives, walk-ins, and bulk giveaways each need their own version of the brand experience. We built ACCESSbank a four-tier system, with carefully selected pieces at each level. 
Tier 1 — Premium Shareholder + Executive Gifts 
Custom buffalo leather gloves. Ice molds for shareholder meetings. Premium backpack coolers. Branded toiletry bags. The kind of gifts everyone wants but rarely buys for themselves. 
Every Tier 1 gift ships with a handwritten note from leadership. 
A $15 leather gift with a handwritten card from the CEO is worth more than a $200 watch with a corporate letter. 
The value isn't in the price tag. It's in the moment of being seen. 
NOTE TO JEANNIE: Visual placement — Tier 1 gallery: buffalo leather gloves, custom ice molds, premium backpack coolers, branded toiletry bags. 2x2 grid layout on desktop, scrollable carousel on mobile. Photography style: dark moody backgrounds, premium product lighting, deep shadows. These pieces should feel like high-end retail, not promotional product. 
Tier 2 — Key Account + Relationship Building 
Premium-feel pieces engineered without the premium price tag. Tumblers that look like $18 retail items delivered at $8 laser-engraved. A heavy lineup of branded golf gear — where ACCESSbank's relationships actually get built. 
That's not luck. That's relentless sourcing. 
NOTE TO JEANNIE: Visual placement — Tier 2 gallery: laser-engraved tumblers, custom golf balls, branded golf towels, golf head covers, divot tools, golf log books, premium polos. Golf items are the centerpiece — ACCESSbank does meaningful relationship work on the course. 3-column grid, lifestyle-leaning photography (course settings if available, otherwise clean product photography). 
Tier 3 — Mid-Level Brand Touchpoints 
Everyday brand signals. Like the envelope opener with a silver metallic ink overlay — most agencies buy the standard version. We made it the piece people can't lose on a desk. Plus branded apparel for staff, partners,
Merch Club — ACCESSbank Case Study Page 8 
and walk-ins. 
NOTE TO JEANNIE: Visual placement — Tier 3 gallery: envelope opener with silver metallic ink (detail shot), branded apparel — polos, quarter-zips, vests, soft-touch beanies. Mix product detail and lifestyle wear. 3-column grid. 
Bulk Giveaways 
Branded pieces that cut through noise without breaking the budget. Custom pens we source for $0.83 that sell for $1.89 everywhere else — because we know where the supplier opportunities live. 
Savings on bulk fund the upgrades that elevate the higher tiers. Every program funds the next one. 
True merchandising talent is showing that we know products, prices, and value at a level competitors don't. When the client pays $12 for an item and the recipient guesses we gave them $25 — that's the program working.
Merch Club — ACCESSbank Case Study Page 9 
SECTION 6 
Every Branch Got Its Own Cup. 
A piece of merch that knows where you're sitting. 
Walk into an ACCESSbank branch and you're going to be offered something to drink. It's a near-guarantee. Relationship banking starts with hospitality, and hospitality starts with a coffee, a water, a place to set your bag down. 
Most banks would put their logo on a generic stock cup and call it a day. We saw the moment differently. 
Custom-illustrated buildings. One per branch. 
We commissioned original linework illustrations of each ACCESSbank branch — five distinct buildings, each with its own architecture, signage, and personality. Then we brought those illustrations to life on the cups customers hold in their hands during every visit. 
The Aksarben cup features the Aksarben branch. The La Vista cup features the La Vista branch. The Oakview cup features Oakview. Every customer at every location is sipping from a piece of merchandise that knows exactly where they are. 
NOTE TO JEANNIE: Visual placement — Show the building line drawings side-by-side with the cup mockups. The branch illustrations are striking on their own and become the artwork inside the merch. Pair each line drawing with its corresponding cup so the reader sees the translation. The D6 Paper Design Proof spread with all five branches in a grid is ideal here. 
This is what most agencies don't do. They source the cup. They print the logo. They move on. We treated each location as a brand within the brand — with its own personality made tangible in a piece of merch the customer literally holds. 
The detail nobody's required to notice is exactly the detail that builds loyalty.
Merch Club — ACCESSbank Case Study Page 10 
SECTION 7 
Employees: Storytelling You Can Hold 
Brand belief is built inside before it shows up outside. 
ACCESSbank's employee gifting program is built around a simple idea: the people who carry the brand every day should feel as connected to it as the customers do. So we built the kit around story, intention, and a little bit of meaning. 
Denik journals — more than paper, a story. 
We partnered with Denik for custom soft-touch journals with full-color inside and outside covers telling the story of ACCESSbank — the brand, the milestones, the people, the wins. Denik has built eight schools in impoverished communities around the world. We're actively promoting Denik in our quest to help fund their ninth. The journal isn't just a journal. It's a brand story you can carry, and a school you help build by carrying it. 
Custom desk chargers that glow ACCESSbank blue. 
A daily touchpoint, in the brand color, on every desk. Small detail. Constant reinforcement. 
Laser-engraved tumblers — premium look, accessible price. 
$18 retail-feel tumblers delivered at $8 each through factory clearance pricing we negotiated for the client. Branded, laser-engraved, and indistinguishable from the higher-priced versions on the shelf. 
A dream-big stress toy. 
Most stress toys are junk. This one isn't. The item gets talked about the most because it carries a message — a small reminder to dream bigger, every day, on every desk.
Merch Club — ACCESSbank Case Study Page 11 
SECTION 8 
From the Field 
The ACCESSbank work, in the wild. 
Every piece below is real work. Real gifts. Real packaging. Built for a bank that treats every relationship — shareholder, employee, customer — as the long game. 
NOTE TO JEANNIE: Build this as a horizontal scrolling carousel — same treatment as the OneStaff Nurse Gifting page and Baker Group page. 15–25 images. Curate from the ACCESSbank folder. Mix product detail (gloves, journals, tumblers), packaging shots (interior + exterior box design), PITCH partnership unboxing moments, Art of Toasting book spreads, ice molds and whiskey for shareholder meetings, branded awards, envelope openers with the silver ink, desk chargers in use. Same auto-advance + pause-on-hover behavior. 
NOTE TO JEANNIE: Curated image priorities for the carousel: (1) Art of Toasting book — cover + interior spreads, multiple shots, (2) PITCH wines + wine carrier + singing wine pourer, (3) Hand-delivery moment if photographed, (4) Buffalo leather gloves with the handwritten note, (5) Box design — outer + inner reveal, (6) Custom whiskey + cocktail books + ice molds, (7) Awards — multi-material art pieces, (8) Denik journals — inside cover storytelling, (9) Desk chargers glowing blue, (10) Laser-engraved tumblers, (11) Dream-big stress toy, (12) Envelope opener with silver metallic ink overlay, (13) Custom pens, (14) Any branded packaging detail shots.
Merch Club — ACCESSbank Case Study Page 12 
SECTION 9 
Testimonial 
NOTE TO JEANNIE: PLACEHOLDER — Chris to confirm whether ACCESSbank wants to provide a quote. If approved, use the OneStaff testimonial format. If not, leave the section out and skip directly to 'Why This Matters.' Strong candidates for the quote angle: the partnership-feel, the Art of Toasting book moment, the way the program made shareholders feel valued, the staff response to the Denik journals. 
[Quote here — first-person, voice-of-client, ~40–60 words] 
[Title], ACCESSbank
Merch Club — ACCESSbank Case Study Page 13 
CLOSING 
Why This Matters 
NOTE TO JEANNIE: Set this section apart visually — pull-quote treatment, larger type, indigo accent, plenty of whitespace. Match the visual treatment from the OneStaff and Baker case studies for consistency. 
When brands trust us to bring our best to the table, we show up with better product, at better pricing, and creative ways to execute the giveaway process that nobody else spends time thinking through. 
Corporate gifting doesn't have to feel corporate. It can feel like a community-bank holiday delivery hand-carried by two local partners. It can feel like a leather gift with a handwritten note. It can feel like a book that didn't exist until someone took the time to write it. 
That's what we do. 
That's what we've built with ACCESSbank. 
That's what we'll build with you. 
Calls to Action 
NOTE TO JEANNIE: Two CTAs at the bottom of the page. 
Primary: Start a Corporate Project → /contact 
Secondary: See more corporate merchandise programs → 
/work/corporate-multi-location-merchandise-programs 
Related Content 
NOTE TO JEANNIE: Footer block — three internal links to keep readers in the site. 
• See the full Corporate Multi-Location Merchandise Programs page → 
/work/corporate-multi-location-merchandise-programs 
• See our Healthcare Branded Merchandise Programs → /work/healthcare-branded-merchandise-programs • Read about CONDUCTOR, our 28-stage production system → /ai
Merch Club — ACCESSbank Case Study Page 14 
SEO METADATA 
Title tag, meta description, keywords. 
NOTE TO JEANNIE: Add these to the page head. Title tag under 60 characters. Meta description under 160 characters. 
Title tag 
ACCESSbank Corporate Gifting Case Study | Merch Club 
Character count: 52 — well under Google's display limit 
Meta description 
How Merch Club built ACCESSbank's shareholder, executive, and employee gifting programs — including a book on the art of toasting we wrote and illustrated ourselves. 
Character count: 162 — slight trim if needed 
Keywords 
Primary keyword: 
corporate gifting case study 
Secondary keywords: 
relationship banking corporate gifts, shareholder gifting program, financial services branded merchandise, premium corporate gifting, custom holiday gift program, employee gifting program
Merch Club — ACCESSbank Case Study Page 15 
STRUCTURED DATA 
Schema markup (JSON-LD). 
NOTE TO JEANNIE: Add this JSON-LD to the page head. Combines Article schema + BreadcrumbList. Update [YYYY-MM-DD] with actual publish/modified dates. Update hero image URL once final assets are placed. 
<script type="application/ld+json"> 
{ 
 "@context": "https://schema.org", 
 "@graph": [ 
 { 
 "@type": "Article", 
 "@id": "https://www.merchclub.com/work/accessbank-corporate-gifting#article", 
 "headline": "Banking is built on relationships. So is the gift.", 
 "description": "How Merch Club built ACCESSbank's shareholder, executive, and employee gifting programs — includi "image": "https://www.merchclub.com/case-studies/accessbank-hero.jpg", 
 "author": { 
 "@id": "https://www.merchclub.com/about/chris#person" 
 }, 
 "publisher": { 
 "@id": "https://www.merchclub.com#organization" 
 }, 
 "datePublished": "[YYYY-MM-DD]", 
 "dateModified": "[YYYY-MM-DD]", 
 "mainEntityOfPage": "https://www.merchclub.com/work/accessbank-corporate-gifting", 
 "articleSection": "Case Study", 
 "about": { 
 "@type": "Service", 
 "name": "Corporate Multi-Location Merchandise Programs", 
 "provider": { 
 "@id": "https://www.merchclub.com#organization" 
 } 
 }, 
 "mentions": [ 
 { "@type": "Organization", "name": "ACCESSbank" }, 
 { "@type": "Organization", "name": "PITCH" }, 
 { "@type": "Organization", "name": "Denik" } 
 ] 
 }, 
 { 
 "@type": "BreadcrumbList", 
 "itemListElement": [ 
 { "@type": "ListItem", "position": 1, "name": "Home", "item": "https://www.merchclub.com" },  { "@type": "ListItem", "position": 2, "name": "Work", "item": "https://www.merchclub.com/work" },  { "@type": "ListItem", "position": 3, "name": "ACCESSbank Corporate Gifting", "item": "https://www.merchclub.c ] 
 } 
 ] 
} 
</script> 
End of Document — Version 1.0 
All black text above is live copy, approved for build. 
All red text is a note or direction for Jeannie — do not include in the built site.
Merch Club — ACCESSbank Case Study Page 16 
